Update polkadot-v1.md (#6686)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/polkadot-v1.md

  of them) can benefit from Polkadot's native interoperability and will thus be able to communicate
  and exchange value and information with other parachains.
- **Truly resilient infrastructure.** This is achieved by keeping the network decentralized without

>   compromising scalability and throughput and going on-chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  compromising scalability and throughput, and through the on-chain
```
